Now answer the questions below. If you’re doing this lab as part of class, your teacher will provide details about how to hand in assignments, whether written or in a learning management system (LMS).4 If you’re unable to run Wireshark on a live network connection or are answering questions via an LMS, you can download a packet trace file that was captured while following the steps above5.
1. List 3 different protocols that appear in the protocol column in the unfiltered 
packet-listing window in step 7 above.   

ARP
HTTP
TCP

2. How long did it take from when the HTTP GET message was sent until the HTTP OK reply was received? (By default, the value of the Time column in the packet
listing window is the amount of time, in seconds, since Wireshark tracing began.  
To display the Time field in time-of-day format, select the Wireshark View pull 
down menu, then select Time Display Format, then select Time-of-day.) 

0.027964 s

3. What is the Internet address of the gaia.cs.umass.edu (also known as www
net.cs.umass.edu)?  What is the Internet address of your computer? 

192.168.72.123

4. Expand the information on the HTTP message in the Wireshark “Details of selected packet” window (see Figure 3 above) so you can see the fields in the HTTP GET request message. What type of Web browser issued the HTTP request? The answer is shown at the right end of the information following the “User-Agent:” field in the expanded HTTP message display. [This field value in the HTTP message is how a web server learns what type of browser you are using.]

· Firefox, Safari, Microsoft Internet Edge, Other
Microsoft-Crypto


5. Expand the information on the Transmission Control Protocol for this packet in the Wireshark “Details of selected packet” window (see Figure 3 in the lab writeup) so you can see the fields in the TCP segment carrying the HTTP message. What is the destination port number (the number following “Dest Port:” for the TCP segment containing the HTTP request) to which this HTTP request is being sent?

80

And finally ...

6. Print the two HTTP messages (GET and OK) referred to in question 2 above. To do so, select Print from the Wireshark File command menu, and select the “Selected Packet Only” and “Print as displayed” radial buttons, and then click OK.

